Represents a raw buffer of binary data, which is used to store data for the different typed arrays. ArrayBuffers cannot be read from or written to directly, but can be passed to a typed array or [[Objects/DataView|DataView Object]] to interpret the raw buffer as needed.

For more information about typed arrays, see Typed Arrays.

 arrayBuffer = new ArrayBuffer(length);

==Parameters==
; arrayBuffer: Required. The variable name to which the '''ArrayBuffer''' object is assigned.
; length: The length of the buffer. The contents of the ArrayBuffer are initialized to 0. If the requested number of bytes could not be allocated an exception is raised.

==Properties==
The following table lists the properties of the '''ArrayBuffer''' object.

{| class='wikitable'
|-
! Property
! Description
|-
| [[Objects/ArrayBuffer/byteLength|byteLength Property]]
| Read-only. The length of the ArrayBuffer (in bytes).
|}

==Example==
The following example shows how to use an ArrayBuffer object to process the binary data acquired from an XmlHttpRequest. You can use a [[Objects/DataView|DataView Object]] to get the individual values.

 var req = new XMLHttpRequest();
     req.open('GET', "http://www.example.com");
     req.responseType = "arraybuffer";
     req.send();
 
     req.onreadystatechange = function () {
         if (req.readyState === 4) {
             var buffer = req.response;
             var dataview = new DataView(buffer);
             var ints = new Int32Array(buffer.byteLength / 4);
             for (var i = 0; i &lt; ints.length; i++) {
                 ints[i] = dataview.getInt32(i * 4);
             }
         alert(ints[10]);
         }
     }

==Remarks==
For more information about using XmlHttpRequest , see XMLHttpRequest enhancements.


==Requirements==
Supported in the Internet Explorer 10 standards document mode. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.

Not supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards.

