Creates a new Boolean value.

 boolObj = new Boolean([ boolValue ])

==Parameters==
; boolObj: Required. The variable name to which the '''Boolean''' object is assigned.
; boolValue: Optional. The initial Boolean value for the new object. If boolvalue is omitted, or is false , 0, null , NaN , or an empty string, the initial value of the Boolean object is false. Otherwise, the initial value is true.

==Remarks==
The '''Boolean''' object is a wrapper for the Boolean data type. JavaScript implicitly uses the '''Boolean''' object whenever a Boolean data type is converted to a '''Boolean''' object.

You rarely instantiate the '''Boolean''' object explicitly.


==Properties==
The following table lists the properties of the '''Boolean''' object.

{| class='wikitable'
|-
! Property
! Description
|-
| [[Boolean/constructor|constructor Property]]
| Specifies the function that creates a Boolean.
|-
| [[Boolean/prototype|prototype Property]]
| Returns a reference to the prototype for a Boolean.
|}

==Methods==
The following table lists the methods of the '''Boolean''' object.

{| class='wikitable'
|-
! Method
! Description
|-
| [[Boolean/toString|toString Method]]
| Returns a string representation of a Boolean.
|-
| [[Boolean/valueOf|valueOf Method]]
| Gets a reference to the Boolean.
|}

==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10 standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.

