Activates conditional compilation support within comments in a script.

'''Caution''' -- Conditional compilation is supported in Internet Explorer only, not in Windows Store apps.

 @cc_on

==Remarks==
The @cc_on statement activates conditional compilation within comments in a script.

It is not common to use conditional compilation variables in scripts written for ASP or ASP.NET pages or command-line programs because the capabilities of the compilers can be determined by using other methods.

When you write a script for a Web page, always put conditional compilation code in comments. This enables hosts that do not support conditional compilation to ignore it.

It is strongly recommended that you use the @cc_on statement in a comment, so that browsers that do not support conditional compilation will accept your script as valid syntax:

An @if or @set statement outside of a comment also activates conditional compilation.


==Example==
The following example illustrates the use of the @cc_on statement.

 /*@cc_on @*/
 /*@
     document.write("JavaScript version: " + @_jscript_version + ".");
     document.write("&lt;br /&gt;");
     @if (@_win32)
         document.write("Running on the 32-bit version of Windows.");
     @elif (@_win16)
         document.write("Running on the 16-bit version of Windows.");
     @else
         document.write("Running on a different operating system.");
     @end
 @*/

==Requirements==
Supported in all versions of Internet Explorer, but not in Windows Store apps.


==See Also==

              

              

              

              
