Sends strings to the script debugger, followed by a newline character.

 '''Debug'''.'''writeln(''' [ str1  [, str2 [, ... [, strN ]]]] ''')'''

==Parameters==
; str1, str2, ... , strN: Optional. Strings to send to the script debugger.

==Remarks==
The '''Debug.writeln''' function sends strings, followed by a newline character, to the Immediate window of the Microsoft Script Debugger at run time. If the script is not being debugged, the '''Debug.writeln''' function has no effect.

The '''Debug.writeln''' function is almost identical to the '''Debug.write''' function. The only difference is that the '''Debug.write''' function does not send a newline character after sending the strings.


==Example==
This example uses the '''Debug.writeln''' function to display the value of the variable in the Immediate window of the Microsoft Script Debugger.

'''Note''' -- To run this example, you must have a script debugger installed and the script must run in debug mode.Internet Explorer 8 includes the JavaScript debugger. If you are using an earlier version of Internet Explorer, see [http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=133801 How to: Enable and Start Script Debugging from Internet Explorer].

 var counter = 42;
 Debug.writeln( "The value of counter is " + counter ) ;

==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10 standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.

'''Applies To''' : [[Objects/Debug|Debug Object]]


==See Also==

              
