Returns or sets the descriptive string associated with a specific error.

 object '''.description''' [ '''=''' stringExpression ]

==Parameters==
; object: Required. Any instance of an Error object.
; stringExpression: Optional. A string expression containing a description of the error.

==Remarks==
The '''description''' property contains the error message string associated with a specific error. Use the value contained in this property to alert a user to an error.

The '''description''' and '''message''' properties provide the same functionality; the '''description''' property provides backward compatibility; the '''message''' property complies with the ECMA standard.


==Example==
The following example illustrates the use of the '''description''' property.

 try
 {
 // Cause an error:
     x = y   
 }
 catch(e)
 {
 // Prints "[object Error]":
     document.write(e)
     document.write (" ");
 // Prints 5009:
     document.write((e.number &amp; 0xFFFF))  
     document.write (" ");
 // Prints "'y' is undefined":
     document.write(e.description);
     document.write (" ");
 // Prints "'y' is undefined":
     document.write(e.message)
 }

==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10 standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.

'''Applies To''' : [[Error|Error Object]]


==See Also==

              

              

              
