Enables enumeration of items in a collection.

'''Caution''' -- This object is supported in Internet Explorer only, not in Windows Store apps.

 enumObj = new '''Enumerator(''' [ collection ])

==Parameters==
; enumObj: Required. The variable name to which the '''Enumerator''' object is assigned.
; collection: Optional. Any Collection object.

==Remarks==
Collections differ from arrays in that the members of a collection are not directly accessible. Instead of using indexes, as you would with arrays, you can move the current item pointer only to the first or next element of a collection.

The '''Enumerator''' object provides a way to access any member of a collection and behaves similarly to the '''For...Each''' statement in VBScript.


==Example==
The following code shows the usage of the '''Enumerator''' object:

 var bytesPerGB = 1024 * 1024 * 1024;
 
 var fso = new ActiveXObject("Scripting.FileSystemObject");
 
 document.write(fso.Drives);
 var e = new Enumerator(fso.Drives);
 
 var driveString = "";
 
 e.moveFirst();
 while (e.atEnd() == false)
 {
     var drv = e.item();
 
     driveString += drv.Path + " - ";
 
     if (drv.IsReady){
         var freeGB = drv.FreeSpace / bytesPerGB;
         var totalGB = drv.TotalSize / bytesPerGB;
 
         driveString += freeGB.toFixed(3) + " GB free of ";
         driveString += totalGB.toFixed(3) + " GB";
     }
     else{
         driveString += "Not Ready";
     }
 
     driveString += "&lt;br /&gt;";;
 
     e.moveNext();
 }
 document.write(driveString);
 
 // Output: &lt;drive information

==Properties==
The '''Enumerator''' object has no properties.


==Methods==
[[Enumerator/atEnd|moveNext Method]]


==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, and Internet Explorer 10 standards. Not supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.


==See Also==

              
