Conditionally executes a group of statements, depending on the value of an expression.

'''Caution''' -- Conditional compilation is supported in Internet Explorer only, not in Windows Store apps.

 '''@if''' ( condition1 ) text1 [ '''@elif''' ( condition2 ) text2 ]
 [ '''@else''' text3 ] '''@end'''

==Parameters==
; condition1, condition2: Optional. An expression that can be coerced into a Boolean expression.
; text1: Optional. Text to be parsed if condition1 is '''true'''.
; text2: Optional. Text to be parsed if condition1 is '''false''' and condition2 is '''true'''.
; text3: Optional. Text to be parsed if both condition1 and condition2 are '''false'''.

==Remarks==
When you write an @if statement, you do not have to place each clause on a separate line. You can use multiple '''@elif''' clauses. However, all '''@elif''' clauses must come before an '''@else''' clause.

The @if statement is typically used to determine which text among several options should be used for text output.

It is not common to use conditional compilation variables in scripts written for ASP or ASP.NET pages or command-line programs. This is because the capabilities of the compilers can be determined by using other methods.

When you write a script for a Web page, always add conditional compilation code in comments. This enables hosts that do not support conditional compilation to ignore it.


==Example==
The following example illustrates the use of the '''@if...@elif...@else...@end''' statement.

 /*@cc_on @*/
 /*@
     document.write("JavaScript version: " + @_jscript_version + ".");
     document.write("&lt;br /&gt;");
     @if (@_win32)
         document.write("Running on a 32-bit version of Windows.");
     @elif (@_win16)
         document.write("Running on a 16-bit version of Windows.");
     @else
         document.write("Running on a different operating system.");
     @end
 @*/

==Requirements==
Supported in all versions of Internet Explorer, but not in Windows Store apps.


==See Also==

              

              

              

              
