Returns the character position where the next match begins in a searched string.

 '''RegExp'''.'''lastIndex'''

==Remarks==
The object associated with this property is always the global '''RegExp''' object.

The '''lastIndex''' property is zero-based, that is, the index of the first character is zero. Its initial value is -1. Its value is modified whenever a successful match is made.

The '''lastIndex''' property is modified by the '''exec''' and '''test''' methods of the '''RegExp''' object, and the '''match''' , '''replace''' , and '''split''' methods of the String object.

The following rules apply to values of '''lastIndex''' :

* If there is no match, '''lastIndex''' is set to -1.
* If '''lastIndex''' is greater than the length of the string, '''test''' and '''exec''' fail and '''lastIndex''' is set to -1.
* If '''lastIndex''' is equal to the length of the string, the regular expression matches if the pattern matches the empty string. Otherwise, the match fails and '''lastIndex''' is reset to -1.
* Otherwise, '''lastIndex''' is set to the next position following the most recent match.

==Example==
The following example illustrates the use of the '''lastIndex''' property. This function iterates a search string and prints out the '''index''' and '''lastIndex''' values for each word in the string.

 function RegExpTest()
 {
    var ver = Number(ScriptEngineMajorVersion() + "." + ScriptEngineMinorVersion())
    if (ver &lt; 5.5)
    {
       document.write("You need a newer version of JavaScript for this to work");
       return;
    }
 
    var src = "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.";
 
    // Create regular expression pattern with a global flag.
    var re = /\w+/g;
 
    // Get the next word, starting at the position of lastindex.
    var arr;
    while ((arr = re.exec(src)) != null)
       {
       // New line:
       document.write ("&lt;br /&gt;");  
       document.write (arr.index + "-" + re.lastIndex + " ");
       document.write (arr);
       }
 }

==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10 standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.

'''Applies To''' : [[RegExp|RegExp Object]]


==See Also==

              
