Returns or sets the numeric value associated with a specific error. The Error object's default property is '''number'''.

 object '''.number''' [ '''=''' errorNumber ]

==Parameters==
; Object: Any instance of the Error object.
; errorNumber: An integer representing an error.

==Remarks==
An error number is a 32-bit value. The upper 16-bit word is the facility code, and the lower word is the error code. To determine the error code, use the &amp; (bitwise And) operator to combine the number property with the hexadecimal number <code>0xFFFF</code>.


==Example==
The following example causes an exception to be thrown and displays the error code that is derived from the error number.

 try
     {
     // Cause an error.
     var x = y;
     }
 catch(e)
     {
     document.write ("Error Code: ");
     document.write (e.number &amp; 0xFFFF)
     document.write ("&lt;br /&gt;");
     
     document.write ("Facility Code: ")
     document.write(e.number&gt;&gt;16 &amp; 0x1FFF)
     document.write ("&lt;br /&gt;");
  
     document.write ("Error Message: ")
     document.write (e.message)
     }
The output of this code is as follows.

 Error Code: 5009
 Facility Code: 10
 Error Message: 'y' is undefined

==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10 standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.

'''Applies To''' : [[Error|Error Object]]


==See Also==

              

              

              
