Returns the names of the enumerable properties and methods of an object.

 Object.keys( object )

==Parameters==
{| class='wikitable'
|-
! Parameter
! Definition
|-
| object
| Required. The object that contains the properties and methods. This can be an object that you created or an existing Document Object Model (DOM) object.
|}

==Return Value==
An array that contains the names of the enumerable properties and methods of the object.


==Exceptions==
If the value supplied for the object argument is not the name of an object, a TypeError exception is thrown.


==Remarks==
The '''keys''' method returns only the names of enumerable properties and methods. To return the names of both enumerable and non-enumerable properties and methods, you can use [[Objects/Object/Object.getOwnPropertyNames Function|Object.getOwnPropertyNames Function]].

For information about the enumerable attribute of a property, see [[Objects/Object/Object.defineProperty Function|Object.defineProperty Function]] and [[Objects/Object/Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor Function|Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor Function]].


==Example==
The following example creates an object that has three properties and a method. It then uses the '''keys''' method to get the properties and methods of the object.

 // Create a constructor function.
 function Pasta(grain, width, shape) {
     this.grain = grain;
     this.width = width;
     this.shape = shape;
 
     // Define a method.
     this.toString = function () {
         return (this.grain + ", " + this.width + ", " + this.shape);
     }
 }
 
 // Create an object.
 var spaghetti = new Pasta("wheat", 0.2, "circle");
 
 // Put the enumerable properties and methods of the object in an array.
 var arr = Object.keys(spaghetti);
 document.write (arr);
 
 // Output:
 // grain,width,shape,toString
The following example displays the names of all enumerable properties that start with the letter "g" in the Pasta object.

 // Create a constructor function.
 function Pasta(grain, width, shape) {
     this.grain = grain;
     this.width = width;
     this.shape = shape;
 }
 
 var polenta = new Pasta("corn", 1, "mush");
 
 var keys = Object.keys(polenta).filter(CheckKey);
 document.write(keys);
 
 // Check whether the first character of a string is "g".
 function CheckKey(value) {
     var firstChar = value.substr(0, 1);
     if (firstChar.toLowerCase() == "g")
         return true;
     else
         return false;
 }
 
 // Output:
 // grain

==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Internet Explorer 9 standards and Internet Explorer 10 standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.

Not supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards.


==See Also==

              
