Returns true if existing property attributes and values cannot be modified in an object, and new properties cannot be added to the object.

 Object.isFrozen( object )

==Parameters==
; object: Required. The object to test.

==Return Value==
true if all of the following are true:

* The object is non-extensible, which indicates that new properties cannot be added to the object.
* The configurable attribute is false for all existing properties.
* The writable attribute is false for all existing data properties.
If the object has no existing properties, the function returns true if the object is non-extensible.


==Exceptions==
If the object argument is not an object, a TypeError exception is thrown.


==Remarks==
When the configurable attribute of a property is false , the property attributes cannot be changed and the property cannot be deleted. When writable is false , the data property value cannot be changed. When configurable is false and writable is true , the value and writable attributes can be changed.

For information about how to set property attributes, see [[Objects/Object/Object.defineProperty Function|Object.defineProperty Function]]. To obtain the attributes of a property, you can use the [[Objects/Object/Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor Function|Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor Function]].

The following related functions prevent the modification of object attributes.

{| class='wikitable'
|-
! Function
! Object is made non-extensible
! configurable is set to false for each property
! writable is set to false for each property
|-
| [[Objects/Object/Object.preventExtensions Function|Object.preventExtensions]]
| Yes
| No
| No
|-
| [[Objects/Object/Object.seal Function|Object.seal]]
| Yes
| Yes
| No
|-
| [[Objects/Object/Object.freeze Function|Object.freeze]]
| Yes
| Yes
| Yes
|}
The following functions return true if all of the conditions marked in the following table are true.

{| class='wikitable'
|-
! Function
! Object is extensible?
! configurable is false for all properties?
! writable is false for all data properties?
|-
| [[Objects/Object/Object.isExtensible Function|Object.isExtensible]]
| Yes
| No
| No
|-
| [[Objects/Object/Object.isSealed Function|Object.isSealed]]
| No
| Yes
| No
|-
| '''Object.isFrozen'''
| No
| Yes
| Yes
|}

==Example==
The following example illustrates the use of the '''Object.isFrozen''' function.

 // Create an object that has two properties.
 var obj = { pasta: "spaghetti", length: 10 };
 
 // Freeze the object, and verify that it is frozen.
 Object.freeze(obj);
 document.write(obj.isFrozen());
 
 // Try to add a new property, and then verify that it is not added. 
 obj.newProp = 50;
 document.write (obj.newProp);
 document.write ("&lt;br/&gt;");
 
 // Try to delete a property, and then verify that it is still present.
 delete obj.length;
 document.write (obj.length);
 document.write ("&lt;br/&gt; ");
 
 // Try to change a property value, and then verify that it is not changed.
 obj.pasta = "linguini";
 document.write (obj.pasta);
 
 // Output:
 // true
 // undefined
 // 10
 // spaghetti

==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Internet Explorer 9 standards and Internet Explorer 10 standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.

Not supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards.


==See Also==

              

              

              

              

              

              

              

              
