Returns a reference to the prototype for a class of number.

 number.prototype

==Remarks==
The number argument is the name of a number.

Use the '''prototype''' property to provide a base set of functionality to a class of objects. New instances of an object "inherit" the behavior of the prototype assigned to that object.

For example, to add a method to the '''Number''' object that returns the number of (integer) digits, declare the function, add it to '''Number.prototype''' , and then use it.

 function number_digits() {
     var digits = 0;
     var num = this;
     while (num) &gt;= 1) {
         digits++;
         num /= 10;
     }
     return digits;
 }
 
 Number.prototype.digits = number_digits;
 var myNumber = new Number(3456.789);
 document.write(myNumber.digits());
 // Output:
 // 4
All intrinsic JavaScript objects have a '''prototype''' property that is read-only. Properties and methods may be added to the prototype, but the object may not be assigned a different prototype. However, user-defined objects may be assigned a new prototype.

The method and property lists for each intrinsic object in this language reference indicate which ones are part of the object's prototype, and which are not.


==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10 standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.

