Creates variables used with conditional compilation statements.

'''Caution''' -- Conditional compilation is supported in Internet Explorer only, not in Windows Store apps.

 '''@set''' @ varname = term

==Parameters==
; varname: Required. Valid JavaScript variable name. Must be preceded by an "@" character at all times.
; term: Required. Zero or more unary operators followed by a constant, conditional compilation variable, or parenthesized expression.

==Remarks==
Numeric and Boolean variables are supported for conditional compilation. Strings are not. Variables created using @set are generally used in conditional compilation statements, but can be used anywhere in JavaScript code.

Examples of variable declarations look like this:

 @set @myvar1 = 12 @set @myvar2 = (@myvar1 * 20) @set @myvar3 = @_jscript_version
The following operators are supported in parenthesized expressions:

* <code>! ~ </code>
* <code>* / % </code>
* <code>+ - </code>
* <code>&lt;&lt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;</code>
* <code>&lt; &lt;= &gt; &gt;=</code>
* <code>== != === !== </code>
* <code>&amp; ^ {{!}} </code>
* <code>&amp;&amp; {{!}} {{!}} </code>
If a variable is used before it has been defined, its value is '''NaN'''.'''NaN''' can be checked for using the @if statement:

 @if (@newVar != @newVar)
    ...
This works because '''NaN''' is the only value not equal to itself.


==Requirements==
Supported in all versions of Internet Explorer, but not in Windows Store apps.


==See Also==

              

              

              

              
