Returns a section of an array.

 arrayObj.slice( start , [ end ])

==Parameters==
; arrayObj: Required. An '''Array''' object.
; start: Required. The beginning of the specified portion of arrayObj.
; end: Optional. The end of the specified portion of arrayObj.

==Remarks==
The '''slice''' method returns an '''Array''' object containing the specified portion of arrayObj.

The '''slice''' method copies up to, but not including, the element indicated by end. If start is negative, it is treated as length + start , where length is the length of the array. If end is negative, it is treated as length + end where length is the length of the array. If end is omitted, extraction continues to the end of arrayObj. If end occurs before start , no elements are copied to the new array.


==Example==
The following examples show how to use the slice method. In the first example, all but the last element of <code>myArray</code> is copied into <code>newArray</code>. In the second example, only the last two elements of <code>myArray</code> are copied into <code>newArray</code>.

 var origArray = [3, 5, 7, 9];
 var newArray = origArray. slice(0, -1);
 document.write(origArray);
 document.write("&lt;br/&gt;");
 newArray = origArray. slice(-2);
 document.write(newArray);
 
 // Output:
 // 3,5,7,9
 // 7,9

==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10 standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.


==See Also==

              

              
