Returns a Boolean value that indicates whether or not a pattern exists in a searched string.

 rgExp.'''test(''' str ''')'''

==Parameters==
; rgExp: Required. An instance of a '''Regular Expression''' object containing the regular expression pattern and applicable flags.
; str: Required. The string on which to perform the search.

==Remarks==
The '''test''' method checks to see if a pattern exists within a string and returns '''true''' if so, and '''false''' otherwise.

The properties of the global '''RegExp''' object are not modified by the '''test''' method.


==Example==
The following example illustrates the use of the '''test''' method. To use this example, pass the function a regular expression pattern and a string. The function will test for the occurrence of the regular expression pattern in the string and return a string indicating the results of that search:

 function TestDemo(re, teststring)
 {
    // Test string for existence of regular expression.
    var found = re.test(teststring)
 
    // Format the output.
    var s = "";
    s += "'" + teststring + "'"
 
    if (found)
       s += " contains ";
    else
       s += " does not contain ";
       
    s += "'" + re.source + "'"
    return(s);
 }

==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10 standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.

'''Applies To''' : [[Objects/Regular Expression|Regular Expression Object]]


==See Also==

              

              

              
