Returns a standard JavaScript array converted from a VBArray.

 safeArray.'''toArray( )'''

==Remarks==
The required safeArray reference is a VBArray object.

The conversion translates the multidimensional VBArray into a single dimensional JavaScript array. Each successive dimension is appended to the end of the previous one. For example, a VBArray with three dimensions and three elements in each dimension is converted into a JavaScript array as follows:

Suppose the VBArray contains: (1, 2, 3), (4, 5, 6), (7, 8, 9). After translation, the JavaScript array contains: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.

There is currently no way to convert a JavaScript array into a VBArray.


==Example==
The following example consists of three parts. The first part is VBScript code to create a Visual Basic safe array. The second part is JavaScript code that converts the Visual Basic safe array to a JavaScript array. Both of these parts go into the &lt;HEAD&gt; section of an HTML page. The third part is the JavaScript code that goes in the &lt;BODY&gt; section to run the other two parts.

 &lt;head&gt;
 &lt;script type="text/vbscript"&gt;
 &lt;!--
 Function CreateVBArray()
    Dim i, j, k
    Dim a(2, 2)
    k = 1
    For i = 0 To 2
       For j = 0 To 2
          a(j, i) = k
          document.writeln(k)
          k = k + 1
       Next
       document.writeln("&lt;BR&gt;")
    Next
    CreateVBArray = a
 End Function
 --&gt;
 &lt;/script&gt;
 
 &lt;script type="text/javascript"&gt;
 &lt;!--
 function VBArrayTest(vbarray)
 {
    var a = new VBArray(vbarray);
    var b = a.toArray() ;
    var i;
    for (i = 0; i &lt; 9; i++) 
    {
       document.writeln(b[i]);
    }
 }
 --&gt;
 &lt;/script&gt;
 &lt;/head&gt;
 
 &lt;body&gt;
 &lt;script type="text/javascript"&gt;
 &lt;!--
    VBArrayTest(CreateVBArray());
 --&gt;
 &lt;/script&gt;
 &lt;/body&gt;

==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, and Internet Explorer 10 standards. Not supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.

'''Applies To''' : [[VBArray|VBArray Object]]


==See Also==

              

              

              

              
