Used by the [[javascript/JSON/JSON.stringify|JSON.stringify]] method to enable the transformation of an object's data for JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) serialization.

 objectname.'''toJSON()'''

==Parameters==
; objectname: Required. An object for which JSON serialization is wanted.

==Remarks==
The toJSON method is used by the JSON.stringify function.JSON.stringify serializes a JavaScript value into JSON text. If a toJSON method is provided to JSON.stringify , the toJSON method is called when JSON.stringify is called.

The toJSON method is a built-in member of the [[javascript/Date|Date]] JavaScript object. It returns an ISO-formatted date string for the UTC time zone (denoted by the suffix Z).

You can override the toJSON method for the Date type, or define a toJSON method for other object types to achieve transformation of data for the specific object type before JSON serialization.


==Example==
The following example uses the toJSON method to serialize string member values in uppercase. The toJSON method is called when JSON.stringify is called.

 var contact = new Object();
 contact.firstname = "Jesper";
 contact.surname = "Aaberg";
 contact.phone = ["555-0100", "555-0120"];
 
 contact.toJSON = function(key)
  {
     var replacement = new Object();
     for (var val in this)
     {
         if (typeof (this[val]) === 'string')
             replacement[val] = this[val].toUpperCase();
         else
             replacement[val] = this[val]
     }
     return replacement;
 };
 
 var jsonText = JSON.stringify(contact);
 
 /* The value of jsonText is:
 '{"firstname":"JESPER","surname":"AABERG","phone":["555-0100","555-0120"]}'
 */
The following example illustrates how to use the toJSON method that is a built-in member of the [[javascript/Date|Date]] object.

 var dt = new Date('8/24/2009');
 dt.setUTCHours(7, 30, 0);
 var jsonText = JSON.stringify(dt);
 
 /* The value of jsonText is:
 '"2009-08-24T07:30:00Z"'
 */

==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10 standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.

Not supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards.


==See Also==

              

              

              

              
