Returns a string that identifies the data type of an expression.

 '''typeof''' [ '''(''' ] expression [ ''')''' ] ;

==Remarks==
The expression argument is any expression for which type information is sought.

The typeof operator returns type information as a string. There are six possible values that typeof returns: "number," "string," "boolean," "object," "function," and "undefined."

The parentheses are optional in the typeof syntax.


==Example==
The following example tests the data type of variables.

 var index = 5;
 var result = (typeof index === 'number');
 // Output: true
 
 var description = "abc";
 var result = (typeof description === 'string');
 // Output: true
The following example tests for a data type of undefined for declared and undeclared variables.

 var declared;
 var result = (declared === undefined);
 // Output: true
 
 var result = (typeof declared === 'undefined');
 // Output: true
 
 var result = (typeof notDeclared === 'undefined')
 // Output: true
 
 var obj = {};
 var result = (typeof obj.propNotDeclared === 'undefined');
 // Output: true
 
 // An undeclared variable cannot be compared to undefined,
 // so the next line generates an error.
 //  var result = (notDeclared === undefined);

==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10 standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.


==See Also==

              

              

              

              

              

              

              
