Returns the highest index value used in the specified dimension of the VBArray.

 safeArray.'''ubound(''' dimension ''')'''

==Parameters==
; safeArray: Required. A VBArray object.
; dimension: Optional. The dimension of the VBArray for which the higher bound index is wanted. If omitted, '''ubound''' behaves as if a 1 was passed.

==Remarks==
If the VBArray is empty, the '''ubound''' method returns undefined. If dim is greater than the number of dimensions in the VBArray, or is negative, the method generates a "Subscript out of range" error.


==Example==
The following example consists of three parts. The first part is VBScript code to create a Visual Basic safe array. The second part is JavaScript code that determines the number of dimensions in the safe array and the upper bound of each dimension. Both of these parts go into the &lt;HEAD&gt; section of an HTML page. The third part is the JavaScript code that goes in the &lt;BODY&gt; section to run the other two parts.

 &lt;head&gt;
 &lt;script type="text/vbscript"&gt;
 &lt;!--
 Function CreateVBArray()
    Dim i, j, k
    Dim a(2, 2)
    k = 1
    For i = 0 To 2
       For j = 0 To 2
          a(j, i) = k
          k = k + 1
       Next
    Next
    CreateVBArray = a
 End Function
 --&gt;
 &lt;/script&gt;
 
 &lt;script type="text/javascript"&gt;
 &lt;!--
 function VBArrayTest(vba)
 {
    var i;
    var a = new VBArray(vba);
    var s = "";
    for (i = 1; i &lt;= a.dimensions(); i++)
    {
       s += "The upper bound of dimension ";
       s += i + " is ";
       s += a.ubound( i ) ;
       s += ".&lt;br /&gt;";
    }
    return (s);
 }
 --&gt;
 &lt;/script&gt;
 &lt;/head&gt;
 
 &lt;body&gt;
 &lt;script type="text/javascript"&gt;
    document.write(VBArrayTest(CreateVBArray()));
 &lt;/script&gt;
 &lt;/body&gt;

==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, and Internet Explorer 10 standards. Not supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.

'''Applies To''' : [[Objects/VBArray|VBArray Object]]


==See Also==

              

              

              

              
