A value that has never been defined, such as a variable that has not been initialized.

 undefined

==Remarks==
The '''undefined''' constant is a member of the '''Global''' object, and becomes available when the scripting engine is initialized. When a variable has been declared but not initialized, its value is '''undefined'''.

If a variable has not been declared, you cannot compare it to '''undefined''' , but you can compare the type of the variable to the string "undefined".

The '''undefined''' constant is useful when explicitly testing or setting a variable to undefined.


==Example==
The following example shows how to use the '''undefined''' constant.

 // A variable that has not been initialized.
 var declared;
 
 if (declared == undefined)
     document.write("declared has not been given a value &lt;br/&gt;");
 else
     document.write("declared has been given a value &lt;br/&gt;");
 
 document.write("typeof declared is " + typeof(declared) + "&lt;br/&gt;");
 
 // An undeclared variable cannot be compared to undefined,
 // so the next line would generate an error.
 // if (notDeclared == undefined);
 
 document.write("typeof notDeclared is " + typeof(notDeclared));
 
 // Output:
 // declared has not been given a value
 // typeof declared is undefined
 // typeof notDeclared is undefined

==Requirements==
The '''undefined''' property was introduced in Internet Explorer before Internet Explorer 6, and was made read-only in Internet Explorer 9 standards mode.

'''Applies To''' : [[Objects/Global|Global Object]]


==See Also==

              
