Provides access to Visual Basic safe arrays.

'''Caution''' -- This object is supported in Internet Explorer only, not in Windows Store apps.

 varName = '''new VBArray(''' safeArray ''')'''

==Parameters==
; varName: Required. The variable name to which the VBArray is assigned.
; safeArray: Required. A VBArray value.

==Remarks==
VBArrays are read-only, and cannot be created directly. The safeArray argument must have obtained a VBArray value before being passed to the VBArray constructor. This can only be done by retrieving the value from an existing ActiveX or other object.

VBArrays can have multiple dimensions. The indices of each dimension can be different. The '''dimensions''' method retrieves the number of dimensions in the array; the '''lbound''' and '''ubound''' methods retrieve the range of indices used by each dimension.


==Example==
The following example consists of three parts. The first part is VBScript code to create a Visual Basic safe array. The second part is JavaScript code that converts the Visual Basic safe array to a JavaScript array. Both of these parts go into the &lt;HEAD&gt; section of an HTML page. The third part is the JavaScript code that goes in the &lt;BODY&gt; section to run the other two parts.

 &lt;head&gt;
 &lt;script type="text/vbscript"&gt;
 &lt;!--
 Function CreateVBArray()
    Dim i, j, k
    Dim a(2, 2)
    k = 1
    For i = 0 To 2
       For j = 0 To 2
          a(j, i) = k
          document.writeln(k)
          k = k + 1
       Next
       document.writeln("&lt;br /&gt;")
    Next
    CreateVBArray = a
 End Function
 --&gt;
 &lt;/script&gt;
 
 &lt;script type="text/javascript"&gt;
 &lt;!--
 function VBArrayTest(vbarray){
    var a = new VBArray( vbarray ) ;
    var b = a.toArray();
    var i;
    for (i = 0; i &lt; 9; i++) 
    {
       document.writeln(b[i]);
    }
 }
 --&gt;
 &lt;/script&gt;
 &lt;/head&gt;
 
 &lt;body&gt;
 &lt;script type="text/javascript"&gt;
 &lt;!--
    VBArrayTest(CreateVBArray());
 --&gt;
 &lt;/script&gt;
 &lt;/body&gt;

==Properties==
The '''VBArray''' object has no properties.


==Methods==
[[VBArray/dimensions|ubound Method]]


==Requirements==
Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, and Internet Explorer 10 standards. Not supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.


==See Also==

              
