{{Page_Title}}
{{Flags}}
{{Summary_Section|These sections explain the elements that make up the JavaScript language.

JavaScript code in Internet Explorer can interact with HTML, CSS and the Document Object Model (DOM), which represents HTML and browser objects.

* For information about HTML, see [http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=251007 HTML/XHTML Reference].
* For information about CSS, see [http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=251008 Cascading Style Sheets].
* For information about the DOM, see [http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=251009 Document Object Model (DOM)].
JavaScript code can be used in browser applications as well as Windows Store apps. Windows Store apps are supported in Windows 8 and Visual Studio 2012.

* For information about JavaScript in Windows Store apps, see [http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=250937 JavaScript roadmap].
* For information about HTML and CSS in Windows Store apps, see [http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=250939 HTML/CSS for Windows Store apps].
* For information about Windows Store APIs, see [http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=250938 API reference for Windows Runtime and Windows Library for JavaScript].
The JavaScript editor in Visual Studio 2012 provides IntelliSense support. For more information, see JavaScript IntelliSense.
}}
==In This Section==
; Version Information: Provides a list of JavaScript language features and the Internet Explorer versions in which they were introduced.
; [[javascript/objects|Objects]]: Provides a list of objects with links to information about each object.
; [[javascript/constants|Constants]]: Provides a list of constants and links to information about each constant.
; [[javascript/properties|Properties]]: Provides a list of properties with links to information about each property.
; [[javascript/functions|Functions]]: Provides a list of functions with links to information about each function.
; [[javascript/methods|Methods]]: Provides a list of methods with links to information about each method.
; [[javascript/operators|Operators]]: Provides a list of operators with links to information about each operator.
; [[javascript/statements|Statements]]: Provides a list of statements with links to information about each statement.
; [[javascript/directives|JavaScript Directives]]: Includes links to directives.
; [[javascript/errors|Errors]]: Includes links to run-time and syntax errors.
; [[javascript/reserved words|JavaScript Reserved Words]]: Provides a list of reserved words. These words may not be used as identifiers.
; [[javascript/future reserved words|JavaScript Future Reserved Words]]: Provides a list of future reserved words. These words may not be used as identifiers.
==Related Sections==
; JavaScript Fundamentals: Provides information about how to use JavaScript.
; [http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=148095 HTML and DHTML Reference]: Provides reference information about Dynamic HTML (DHTML) API.
{{Topics | JS Basic}}

{{External_Attribution
|Is_CC-BY-SA=No
|Sources=MSDN
|MDN_link=
|MSDN_link=http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ie/yek4tbz0%28v=vs.94%29.aspx Windows Internet Explorer JavaScript reference
|HTML5Rocks_link=
}}
