Returns the index of the first occurrence of a value in an array.

 array1.indexOf( searchElement [, fromIndex ])

==Parameters==
{| class='wikitable'
|-
! Parameter
! Definition
|-
| array1
| Required. An array object.
|-
| searchElement
| Required. The value to locate in array1.
|-
| fromIndex
| Optional. The array index at which to begin the search. If fromIndex is omitted, the search starts at index 0.
|}

==Return Value==
The index of the first occurrence of searchElement in the array, or -1 if searchElement is not found.


==Remarks==
The '''indexOf''' method searches an array for a specified value. The method returns the index of the first occurrence, or -1 if the specified value is not found.

The search occurs in ascending index order.

The array elements are compared to the searchElement value by strict equality, similar to the === operator. For more information, see [[javascript/Operators/Comparison|Comparison Operators]].

The optional fromIndex argument specifies the array index at which to begin the search. If fromIndex is greater than or equal to the array length, -1 is returned. If fromIndex is negative, the search starts at the array length plus fromIndex.


==Example==
The following examples illustrate the use of the '''indexOf''' method.

 // Create an array. (The elements start at index 0.)
 var ar = ["ab", "cd", "ef", "ab", "cd"];
 
 // Determine the first location of "cd".
 document.write(ar.indexOf("cd") + "&lt;br/&gt;");
 
 // Output: 1
 
 // Find "cd" starting at index 2.
 document.write(ar.indexOf("cd", 2) + "&lt;br/&gt;");
 
 // Output: 4
 
 // Find "gh" (which is not found).
 document.write (ar.indexOf("gh")+ "&lt;br/&gt;");
 
 // Output: -1
 
 // Find "ab" with a fromIndex argument of -2.
 // The search starts at index 3, which is the array length plus -2.
 document.write (ar.indexOf("ab", -2) + "&lt;br/&gt;");
 // Output: 3

==See Also==

              

              

              
